at for that particular model which is
the spider it comes either with or
without the arm now it's really great
with the spider and the spider to model
is that aside from having the back
support here you can work at a lower
position with the cameras starting from
the shoulder pad this model gives you
many different features that you can
pretty much customize to your own needs
starting with the back support here that
you can replace with the counterweight
that we saw earlier on the sumo model
then you have the shoulder plate and you
have the camera plate which comes down
and is adjustable with this knob here so
you can put it on a higher position or a
lower position you have different holes
different threads where you can put
different accessories you can put a
camera plate you can put a battery pack
you could put audio equipment as well
and you have the front with the arm and
as I said earlier you can easily remove
it you can again with those adjustable
grips here you can put the lower you can
put them higher whether you're using the
arm or not I would go towards this model
maybe more when you're doing interviews
where you have to stay stable a bit
longer and you're not able to use a
tripod and you're not going to want to
be using a monopod as I said earlier
this model is a bit more customizable
than the other one since you have more
parts so you can play with more
adjustments so it's more modular
the telescopic arm comes with a spider
to model
you